---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "downtime Resource - obmprovider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# downtime (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **action** (String) A value which represents the downtime action name. Valid values: REMINDER, SUPPRESS_NOTIFICATIONS, ENFORCE_ON_KPI_CALCULATION, ENFORCE_ON_REPORTS, STOP_MONITORING, ENFORCE_ON_REPORTS.
- **approver** (String) Name of the approver of the downtime
- **category** (String) A value which represents the downtime category name. Valid values: NW_MAINTENANCE, HW_MAINTENANCE, HW_INSTALLATION, SECURITY, OTHER, OS_CONFIGURATION, APP_MAINTENANCE, APP_INSTALLATION.
- **name** (String) Name of the downtime.
- **schedule** (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))
- **selected_cis** (Set of String) Array of RTSM configuration items id's impacted by the downtime: ["id1","id2",...].

### Optional

- **description** (String) Long description for the downtime.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **last_updated** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Required:

- **end_date** (String) The downtime end date specified as the RFC 3339 date-time format: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss('+'/'-')HH:mm.
- **start_date** (String) The downtime start date specified as the RFC 3339 date-time format: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss('+'/'-')HH:mm.
- **timezone** (String) Timezone used in start_date and end_date.
- **type** (String) For the current version of the provider must be set to ONCE. The donwtime occurs only once on a specified start date and lasts till a specified end date.


